hey what's going on guys it's illegal
guns here and today I will show you my
lego land dragon carbon from Lego heavy
weapons
it's colorful too it has a original real
sniper scope magazine maximum is 5 ammo
it has a foldable and working by pit you
can see ok this is the trigger its bolt
action like real this is the bolt this
is the handle and this is the stock so
now let's slow so this is the magazine
and this is mo let's load one
- I load weight 5 now magazine is loaded
now let's try it so you put the Megane
now it's locked and you take the ball
out pull push and now let's try shooting
this target so white too slow yes you
can shoot it again you need to pull back
block balls I'm not looking for this
scope you see two targets it's really
powerful it's powered by six rubber
bands so I think range is 7 meters and
let's try this again
the bolt and
shoot let's try I miss let's try again
now I miss but two targets at once I've
got one more left so let's try it like a
real sniper wait hey I chanted this
target from three meters so I think
that's all I can't show you the
mechanism sorry because it's a copyright
material from check straight you need to
buy lego heavy weapons book it's about
then $20 so it's not really expensive so
that's all thanks for watching comment
rate subscribe bye